# Describe a concrete example, excluding the ones given in this chapter, where improving the security of a system against one type of attack can increase the likelihood of other attacks.

## Cross chain bridges

- Bridges facilitate transfer of assets from one blockchain to another.
- When I transfer ETH from chain A to B the ETH does not dissappear on A. Rather there's a smart contract which escrows ETH.
- There's an off-chain party to observe such lockup events. When an event is observed, this party calls a smart contract on chain B, the function call containing the amount transferred.
- The person doing the transfer calls this contract. An equivalent amount of 'wrapped tokens' are minted.
- For solvency of the bridge **'supply of tokens minted = native tokens locked'**. At any moment the person should be able to burn the wrapped tokens and redeem the underlying tokens.

### Security of the 'off-chain party'

There's a trade-off between centralization and cryptographic complexity when designing bridges. Let's take two cases:
1. **Centralized bridge**: Eg. Sollet bridge by FTX. Very simple, there's a private key on a trusted server. Whenever the server observes a lockup, the private key is used to sign the transfer function on chain B. There's **proof of authority**, i.e. we trust the bridge to pass the right signal. Sollet bridge took this to another level, with funds being stored in some wallet instead of being escrowed in a smart contract. No cryptography involved. As we see the FTX collapse rendered Sollet issued tokens worthless.

2. **Decentralized bridge**: A set of validators or a meta-blockchain to validate lockup and burn events. On one end there's wormhole with all nodes being owned by trusted player, at the other extreme is RenVM and Thorchain which allow any party to participate in the briding process. Thorchain uses Threshold Signature Scheme (TSS) where a private key is regenerated from a bunch of actors. However we've seen Wormhole and Thorchain being hacked because of insecure primitives. Wormhole hack- Solana account not validated

Thus we see that improving decentralization with cryptography can open up new attack vectors.
